you know remote African jungle a small
monkey is captured bound for a pet store
in America the animal carries a deadly
virus I know that some of us have doubts
about what we're about to do would be
less than human if we didn't but the
fate of the nation perhaps the world is
in our hands we cannot we they're not
with you it's this burden I'm confident
that each of you will do is do we got 19
dead we got a hundred more infected it's
spreading like a brush fire what are you
talking about if one of them's got it
then ten Timon got it now and if one of
them gets out of Cedar Creek we have a
very interesting problem gets out of
there 216 million Americans will be dead
or dying I'm leaving with the team in an
hour from the heart of a small
California town damaged Sam I want to
save these people same with you do the
inner circle of power in Washington
the most optimistic projection for the
spread of the virus is this 24 hours 36
hours 48 hours the greatest medical
crisis of all time we can't stop it
begins
try to remain calm many people are dying
and are going to continue to die unless
we find this monkey there will be panic
the likes of which we have never seen